[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Nearly 30
years ago, I produced a series
on the nightly news
about using psychics
effectively to solve crime.
Still, this has not become
a mainstream practice
due to the prejudice
about dipping
into the less understood
world of the psyche.
Fortunately, the practice
hasn't gone away.
And one might argue it
should be on the increase
when it comes to adding new
clues to a case gone cold.
We have with us today Robbie
Thomas, a lifelong crime
fighter, using his
intuitive skills
to help solve what has been
insolvable or unsolvable.
I love your hat.
>>ROBBIE THOMAS: Thank you.
Yes.
>>REGINA: Yeah, and your
earrings and your tattoos.
You're quite the
picture-- beautiful.
>>THOMAS: Whole nine yards.
>>REGINA: There you go.
So first of all-- I mean,
we have a fair amount
to talk about
today, so I thought
we would start when
you were a little kid.
You look like a guy that
should be on a Harley, right?
And maybe you are on
a Harley, but the fact
is you're surrounded
with daughters,
and you've always
been super sensitive,
and you were very sensitive
toward your mother as well.
And let's talk about stuff from
when you were a little kid.
>>THOMAS: Absolutely.
Being the age of two and
three, you're inquisitive,
you're a child, and you're
always poking your nose
into everything.
So I would approach
my mother at times
and say, either I'm
adopted or I have someone
out there who's a part
of me and adopted.
And she'd say, Ron--
that's my father's
name-- he's doing it again.
My father would say, Robbie,
quit it and get in here.
So then it would stop.
And then again, I would
approach my mother
and keep poking at her about
either a part of me out there.
Take you full circle to
1994, my mom passed away.
My family pulled
me aside and said,
she's been looking for you.
And I didn't understand
because I'm still
distraught from
my mother passing.
And they said, no, she's
been looking for you,
and she's the spitting
image of your mom.
So her name's Mary, and so
I got introduced to Mary.
>>REGINA: Who said this?
>>THOMAS: I'm sorry, my
mom's brother and sister.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>THOMAS: After the funeral.
>>REGINA: After the funeral, OK.
>>THOMAS: Yeah.
And so I met my sister for the
first time in all those years.
And so now going back to
being that nosy child,
it kind of paid
off, because that's
when I was sensing and
being told that there was
another part of me out there.
>>REGINA: Where was she?
What had happened
to your sister?
>>THOMAS: Back in
the early '60s,
Roman Catholic-- the church,
my mother being unwed,
became pregnant.
>>REGINA: You went to a
home, and then the kids
were adopted out.
>>THOMAS: Right.
So they took her daughter.
And then years later,
she met my father,
married him, and had me, the
one who was poking his nose.
>>REGINA: Mmhmm.
But you were still feeling
like there was something,
you had a sibling out there.
>>THOMAS: There was something
out there, yeah, absolutely.
And so come full
circle, I meet Mary,
and then FOX Radio
does this big special
in 1994, which was uplifting,
because I lost a piece of me
and then I gained a piece of me.
And it was something like
a present left behind
for me from my mother.
>>REGINA: And
there was something
surrounding your mother's
departure as well, as I recall.
>>THOMAS: Yes.
And we all have our signs.
And so this sign was the
night prior to her passing,
which they said her
cancer was cured.
Everything was fine.
I met with the doctors.
I was the one who was taking
her down for her radiation
treatments.
And so they said
she's in remission.
Everything's fine.
Come that night, it was
almost like a suppression.
I know a lot of people
can relate to this, where
they feel they're trapped.
They can't move.
They're struggling.
And they're having an
apparition or a vision to them.
Well, it was the four horsemen.
And the one horseman
was in white and said,
there's nothing to worry about.
You'll be taken care of.
And then he showed me what
was going to happen that day.
After that moment with them
and coming to the morning,
I usually go to
my mother's house
for coffee-- I'm a
mommy's boy-- and have
tea or coffee or toast.
And I approached into her
kitchen, sat down in the chair,
and I addressed to her.
She's not looking
at me, and I said,
I'm compelled to have
to tell you this.
And I explained what
happened last night.
She said to me, well,
you go come home,
and I'll call you later
to watch your daughter.
And so I felt kind of funny,
how she's asking me to leave.
But it's that
push-pull factor, where
you know you want to stay
because there's an urgency,
but you have to leave
because you've been asked.
So I leave.
Nonetheless, I'm at home.
And I'm sitting with my
wife, and my good friend
came over after.
And we're drinking coffee,
and the phone rings.
And it's about an
hour and a half later.
And my father's on the
other line screaming,
it's your mother!
It's your mother!
So we raced over.
And what I remember is
the EMTs pulling her out
on the gurney, her
little purple sock,
her hand hanging over
the side, the one
EMT on top doing compressions.
And yeah, it was
that moment where--
>>REGINA: She knew.
>>THOMAS: She knew.
>>REGINA: She asked you
to leave for a reason.
>>THOMAS: She knew.
Yes.
>>REGINA: And oftentimes
when people do pass,
it's when they're
alone and often
in the middle of the
night where there's no one
to create the drag on them
when they're trying to release
themselves from the body.
>>THOMAS: Right, right.
It's that integral moment when
spirit steps in and takes those
problems and those problematic
moments away from--
even the burden,
if you will, on--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>THOMAS: Yes.
>>REGINA: And it's funny
because so many of us
think, oh, God, I don't
want to die alone.
Oh, I'd love for my children
to be with me or my husband
or wife or whatnot.
But then you slip away
at 2:00 in the morning
when nobody's
there, or whoever's
there is asleep in the
chair, because the soul needs
to do its own thing.
>>THOMAS: That's right.
>>REGINA: This is not
a sentimental process.
>>THOMAS: No.
No.
It's not a project.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>THOMAS: But yeah,
and that's perfect,
because it's like
signs from heaven.
And I speak very much
about signs from heaven
and how we're all
in this interlude
and how we have the
retainment, if you will,
of spirit, because we
have our spirit guides,
we have our angels, and they
do caress us, if you will,
all through our lives.
And it's a gradual
progression of atonement.
And it's how we are.
>>REGINA: Mmhmm.
And so this whole
notion of people leaving
their lives, a lot
of them in the cases
that you work on, violently,
people disappearing, people
being murdered, cases
that are difficult.
When Jerry Wills,
who I've interviewed,
first introduced
me to you, he said,
he's kind of like Allison
DuBois, but he's the real deal.
He's the real Medium.
>>THOMAS: That's
quite the compliment.
>>REGINA: But as a kid,
you knew right away
you wanted to be in crime.
You wanted to fight crime.
What was that in you?
>>THOMAS: That in
me was a drive.
That was a drive.
There were two
professions, if you will.
Father Pidelt had a very
overbearing draw to me,
and I was so much wanting
to be a priest when
I was a young child.
And then I didn't understand
why they spoke Latin facing away
from you, or to you, or they
turned and they were away.
Then they sung different
things in church.
And growing up, I kind
of have my own grievances
of why they would do that.
And it was an inner struggle.
So then I wanted to
be a police officer.
So then I want through to
be a police officer twice,
hired and fired in one day.
>>REGINA: Yeah talk about
that, how you somehow
got under the wire as
an underage young man.
>>THOMAS: Yes, I did.
I infiltrated the police.
And it's funny, because
I did all the testing.
I did all the written part.
And they were taking three
auxiliaries that day.
So I'm in Chief Cook's office,
and we're signing papers.
He does the other two fellas.
I let them go first.
And then he looks at mine
and sees the date of birth,
and he just had a big
chuckle and he said, son,
you come back when you're 20.
I looked 20 because
I had a moustache.
>>REGINA: [LAUGHING] And
you were 17 years old.
>>THOMAS: I was 17 years of age.
>>REGINA: OK, so let's
talk-- so you came back.
>>THOMAS: I came back.
>>REGINA: Yeah, OK.
Let's pick it up from there.
>>THOMAS: Sure.
I went through to be
a police officer out
of a town outside of Toronto,
Canada, Peel Regional Police.
I got hired on, did the final
brass interviews, come home.
I'm elated, tired
from all the testing
days of doing the physical
and then the written.
I finally come home.
I'm sitting in the
kitchen, and I hear,
accident, accident, screaming.
And it was a lady
behind the fence
of my home in the
townhomes that were
running like this to the road.
So I hopped the fence, and first
thing is a reaction to help.
So I'm looking at her, and
she's pointing down the laneway.
So I run that direction,
and I'm thinking
car accident because that's
all I heard, was "accident."
And I look out the road.
There's no cars.
Traffic's fine.
Then I look to my
left, and there's
a gentleman by the screen door.
And he's going, come here.
He's waving me over like this.
So I run over to him.
I walk into the
kitchen area, and there
was a lady to the left running
around the table screaming.
And there was a gentleman to
my right holding a doorknob.
And he says, come here.
So I go over to him, he grabs
my shoulder, opens the door,
shoves me in, shuts the door.
So now I'm still
thinking accident.
And I'm looking for
blood on the floor.
And I look up, and
there's a gentleman.
And he's sitting in the
bathroom, and he's passed.
But his eyes are gone
directly on to me.
Unnerving.
>>REGINA: Unnerving, yes.
>>THOMAS: [LAUGHING] To
say the least, right?
>>REGINA: Even if no one's
home, someone was around.
>>THOMAS: Yeah, yeah, right.
So out the window goes all this
bravado of everything, right?
And then right away,
CPR, check for vitals.
So I run over.
I see his lips are blue.
And he's kind of pale.
I check for vitals,
and I start to do CPR.
No sooner do I start doing
CPR, I hear, let me go.
So I step back for a
moment, and I'm thinking,
this is my imagination,
and then, no.
So I go back right away again
and touch for vitals, CPR.
And I hear it really
loud, clears as a bell,
let me go, deep voice.
I stop.
I back up.
I walk out the door.
And everybody's standing there.
Now there's not three people.
There's a ton of people, and
they're all staring at me.
And I just shake my head like
this, and that put everything
in an uproar, right?
Turns out it was my
sister's best friend's
father, a small world.
And from that moment on, I
knew I had a different route
to take.
I call up, and I
say, I don't want
to be a police officer no more.
You just don't quit.
They want to know why.
So they sent the captain,
a sergeant from the Chatham
police force-- it's in
Ontario-- a film crew.
And they come into my home.
>>REGINA: That was presumptuous.
>>THOMAS: Yeah.
They want to know why you quit.
And so they said,
we're doing a movie
on first responders
who quit under duress.
And we'd like you to
be part of this model.
So I agreed.
And I wasn't stressed.
I just went, all
right, come in my home.
So they did, and they
asked me the questions.
So I answered vigorously
and straightforward.
Well, you should
have seen the look
on their face and their
jaws, because when I said,
he said let me go, and
I'm hearing this man,
it's not because I'm
quitting because I don't
want to be a police officer.
I just found my direction.
Well, that's a wrap,
and I'm in that movie,
and that's 20-some years
ago, the first one.
>>REGINA: Tell us
about the movie.
>>THOMAS: It's first
responders, EMTs, firefighters,
and police officers,
who quit under duress,
stressful situations of people
being murdered or finding
people dead or
just the job itself
in association to your life.
So I'm just part of that movie.
>>REGINA: Mmhmm.
Now, you seem so-- well,
you are very sensitive
or you wouldn't be
able to do what you do.
>>THOMAS: Right.
>>REGINA: Did you want to be
toting a gun and on the street
and doing that sort
of thing, really,
or was it a back door into what
you ultimately ended up doing?
>>THOMAS: I don't like
hurting people, toting a gun.
And I know you know,
reference to that.
It kind of doesn't sit well.
So I still wanted to
be a police officer.
I want to do what's right.
I want what is right
has to be right.
And let's face it.
In any profession there's bad
doctors, there's bad lawyers,
there's bad police officers.
But I was straightforward.
I remember getting into
an interview one time.
It was Chief Lunn in Wallaceburg
in a place where actually I
helped out in a missing
boy's case not too long ago.
And going back those many
years, he said to me,
one day you're going to be
one heck of a police officer.
And I just didn't make
it that time for him,
but yeah, it's just
the drive and wanting
to help and service.
>>REGINA: Right wrongs.
>>THOMAS: Yeah, right
the wrongs and do right.
>>REGINA: So at what point
did you realize you really
did have something
special going on
with solving these very
difficult cases, particularly
homicide?
>>THOMAS: Take you
back to my first one.
Standing in the parking lot of
an apartment building speaking
with a friend of mine, and I
see this gentleman walk maybe 50
yards behind him, going
across the parking lot,
going into the
apartment building.
I see a black shroud around him.
>>REGINA: I'm going to ask
more about that in a minute.
>>THOMAS: Sure.
And when I see black, it's bad.
And it's a draw, a strong
draw, because I'm inquisitive.
And I could feel it.
And you feel it in here
that there's something
wrong with that person.
So as Greg's talking to me,
he's noticing my eye movement,
and he turns over his
shoulder and looks,
and he goes, oh, that's Jesse.
And he goes, do you
want to go meet him?
But by that time, he's
already in the building.
I said, sure.
So we started to
go up to Jesse--
>>REGINA: Just out of curiosity?
>>THOMAS: Yeah, for
me out of curiosity.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
because you don't
see black auras that often.
>>THOMAS: Not too often,
but people who are bad, bad,
you do see them.
It's like you can read
people for who they are.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>THOMAS: So we ended up
in his apartment building.
I don't kind of remember how
we got in there, but we did.
And my line of
questioning to him
was straightforward, more
along the cop line, hard-nosed.
And if you could
picture an Eddie Van
Halen, sawed-off, 5-foot,
perfect image, the same guy,
and he was sitting down.
And then he asked me-- and
I remember his girlfriend
behind him, and I can
see him in my head still.
She was pregnant.
She's pacing back and forth.
And I'm asking questions.
I don't remember the
line of questioning,
but I'm asking the questions.
And he stands up.
He goes, stand up.
So I did.
He goes, are you effing hot?
And I didn't understand
what he meant.
And then he grabs my
shirt, lifts it up.
Then I knew.
>>REGINA: He wanted to
see if you had a wire.
>>THOMAS: Wire on.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>THOMAS: Yeah.
And once I knew that, and he's
seen I had no wire, he goes,
you want to know what happened?
Mark was a young man
who move from Quebec
to Ontario with his family.
He was going to high school.
>>REGINA: Who was Mark?
>>THOMAS: Mark is a young man
who was just a high school kid.
>>REGINA: OK, he's
telling you this story?
>>THOMAS: Yeah, but he was
the one who was murdered--
>>REGINA: OK, there you go.
>>THOMAS: --by this gentleman.
>>REGINA: By this guy.
Jesse you said his name was?
>>THOMAS: Jesse, aka Jesse.
>>REGINA: So Jesse
had murdered Mark,
and now he's going to
tell you what happened.
>>THOMAS: Right.
So he starts explaining Thomas
was his associate with him.
We're ripping off a car
stereo in the townhouses
across the way from
the gas station
that Mark was working to
make a little cash going
to school back then.
He said Thomas want to
go rob the gas station,
so they left there to go across.
He said, Thomas
pulled the gun out.
And he held his hand
like this and goes,
and he was popping
him like this.
He says, you should have seen
him hopping like a rabbit.
And was laughing.
He was enjoying the moment,
explaining this to me, right?
>>REGINA: Wow.
>>THOMAS: So I know
now I'm in thick.
And he's explaining this to me.
Well, Greg's kind of
disturbed about this.
And he leaves.
I get up to leave.
And as I'm leaving,
he grabs my shirt
one more time by the door.
He says if I tell anybody,
he's going to kill me.
And he shoves me out.
Well, I immediately go home,
and I call the detectives
in the police force.
And they said, Rob, you have
to go back, wear a wire,
and befriend him again.
And I said, there's no way.
Because he made me-- and there's
no way I'm gonna do this.
No.
So he told me he'd get off on
a technicality and an alibi.
And the prerequisite
of that was he
did have an alibi from
people out of town,
and there was a technicality.
But I knew right where
he ran and the place
that he took off to, and yeah.
>>REGINA: That's kind of a
rough entry into all of it.
>>THOMAS: Into the very first
of doing everything, sitting
two feet from a murderer, yeah.
>>REGINA: OK, so a few
questions arise from that.
One of them is,
wasn't that a little
disheartening to you that
you knew this, you saw this,
the guy was telling
you about it,
yet he gets off
on a technicality?
>>THOMAS: Yeah.
It ate me, because I
wanted to be-- again,
going back to being
a police officer,
wanting to do the right thing.
It ate me so much
that a gym where
used to work out, his
brother used to work there,
and he would come
over, and he knew
that I was on to his brother.
And he would talk, and I said,
you know, one your brother's
going to get it.
And so he'd be not
too kind to me,
and I'm not too kind to him.
But it's that aspect
because I know.
I knew what was going on.
>>REGINA: What
happened to the man?
Jesse.
>>THOMAS: Well, Jesse is out
West, apparently, in Canada.
Thomas Cook re-murdered,
unfortunately.
Karma is karma.
But unfortunately,
a beautiful woman
had to die because
of some monster.
He saran wrapped
her, and he watched
her take her last breath--
because she couldn't
breathe-- in front of him.
And so now he's
in jail for life.
>>REGINA: Well, at least
he's off the street.
And so before we get
into cases and such,
having been around these
people, as you said,
you see around some people that
really just are sociopathic.
They don't have any kind
of empathy for humanity.
You might see a black aura.
What else do you see
with people that we
consider to be the
toughest cases in society?
>>THOMAS: When you lie-- a
case in Kentucky, two gentlemen
were murdered, there's
three parties to this
and a fourth on
the outside of it.
Since then-- again,
karma is karma.
A lot of them have
been killing themselves
because they live with
the karma, apparently.
One individual left on this
case, but the rest of them
are all dead-- I keep in
touch with every family,
so I know what's
going on in that area.
>>REGINA: So suicide
is not uncommon
because they've
been so devastated.
>>THOMAS: Their demons get them.
They do.
I profiled this individual,
the detective Andy Delay.
He's in Clearwater,
Florida, now.
And we've got some
cases we're going
to be doing down there
with the Sheriff's office.
He was on this case with me.
Now, we were in the
hotel meeting room.
And they said, we have to
bring this one individual.
He's our key factor.
We have to present this
to him in order for him
to be a viable witness as well.
So I profiled his good side, his
bad side, and what he did it.
And we put it on Bristol Board.
We drove over.
He agreed to meet us at
the end of his driveway.
He did.
We bring out the tape recorder.
I'm holding the tape recorder.
And he's talking to a good
cop-- our good cop, bad cop,
doing that scenario.
And he addresses all these
issues with him very toughly.
He didn't like it.
So I take over.
I started explaining
certain things to him.
And I said, I see you.
I know where you were.
I know what happened,
how the fire was set,
how you trapped him in there,
how you cut their arms, how
you cut parts and you hit
them, the whole nine yards.
I don't want to get too graphic.
And he's like this, like
you, shaking his head,
shaking his head.
So I want the verbal so
I can get it on tape.
So I continue on.
Andy gets upset, pulls
the Bristol board out.
This boy couldn't believe
what was on the Bristol board.
And after seeing that, Andy
going through the points,
and them me talking to
him, he said, yes, yes.
>>REGINA: And that's
because you had
been able to see these things?
>>THOMAS: Yes.
>>REGINA: OK, now I want to
talk about the seeing part.
>>THOMAS: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: So it comes to
you in a number of ways.
And as you say,
you work-- and we
were joking about the beams that
surround you here in studio.
A lot of them have a
good sense of humor.
You have beings
that you're working
with that are assisting you
and showing you what you need,
and your higher self.
But sometimes the actual
victim comes to you, too.
>>THOMAS: Yeah, and our
spirit is multi-dimensional.
A lot of people say and then
think this-- it stays within.
But our spirit is more
than that, all right?
Many realms.
And we encounter all of it.
Caesar Ivan Cano, a young
boy-- all I was given
was a photograph.
And I'm in Canada,
and he's murdered
in Louisville, Kentucky.
He's missing.
Can you please help?
Absolutely.
So they sent me a picture.
All I got was his name, Caesar.
And I'm looking, and I'm
begging for information.
So I'm trying to
tap into my guides.
And I prayed to
God, and I prayed
to my family, who can help
me, and my guides and angels.
I start to get
certain information.
And I'm writing it down--
repeat offender, two boys.
So I write that down.
Then I start to ask his spirit
belonging team, spirit guides,
everything ties to him.
Stadium lights, like off--
and all this is on my website.
You can see my
automatic hand drawing
on my website about this.
>>REGINA: Yes, we
could see the pictures.
>>THOMAS: So I draw the four
stadium lights, like off.
And apparently that night, they
were off when he went missing.
So there's the four
stadium lights.
I said, give me a name.
John.
So by the stadium
lights, I put John.
Now, if you stood on the
porch of the murderer's home
and you looked directly
through the little clearing,
Papa John Stadium
is right there.
So I ask, I need more.
Where exactly are you?
And I see construction,
orange vests.
They were doing
construction right
in front of the murderer's home.
And they had the flags, and
they wore the orange vests.
Apparently Caesar was playing
with the flags, pulling them
out, ended up in his home,
and that's what happened.
And we'll get to that
point in a minute.
I continue on.
And I say, and show me him.
So I'm drawing this out of
a four-year-old mindset.
It's really hard
to draw a picture--
>>REGINA: Because the little
boy is trying to relay this.
>>THOMAS: Exactly.
I can see here and draw you.
It would be picturesque.
It would be a beautiful picture.
But going to him out of
his flashing through me,
I'm seeing the man
with the pointy ears,
and I'm drawing as fast as I
can, because other information
is coming in.
And then there's a break.
And then I felt the pull-away.
And that's when I knew that
this was him being murdered.
So I'm upset.
There's about maybe
5, 10 minutes go by.
And there's nothing.
And I'm upset.
I'm pacing my office, and I'm
going back, and I'm asking,
what's going on?
And then all of a sudden,
I'm back in again.
And now I'm getting it from him.
I said, give me his name.
And he did.
He gave me Cecil.
It's not a Bob, John, or a Mary.
It's a Cecil.
And I write "Cecil," and
I put an arrow right down
to the monster's head
that he made me draw.
So then I continue on, and
there's some other information.
What ended up was poor
Caesar-- I get choked up.
Poor Caesar was
drowned in his bathtub.
And he held him down.
It's hard when it's a child.
Because I got children.
We love our children.
And any mom-- and his poor mom.
I mean, she was the only
one raising him, single mom.
>>REGINA: It's devastating.
>>THOMAS: Yup, yup.
And so I got all
this information,
and come to learn afterwards, he
was a repeat offender sexually
of two young boys.
So that goes back
to tie in to that.
Information went back and forth
in emails between investigator
in Louisville, Kentucky,
going to the detective
on the case and myself.
And I keep every
notation of every case
I do, emails and what have you.
It went to the news agency,
John Boel, I think it was,
in Louisville.
So everybody had a piece of
what was really happening
momentarily, like right
away from my office.
Sometimes I still-- and
it's been that long,
and I still wake up--
what if, what if?
What if I would have
done it differently?
But you can't stop
the inevitable.
I've learned that through God.
You can't stop the inevitable.
You grow from it.
You mature from it.
And it helps you in
life to progress.
Being this deep into
cases like that,
people wonder how
I want to do this.
I get a lot of letters from
people, I want to do this.
No, you don't.
>>REGINA: No.
>>THOMAS: You don't.
Just be you.
>>REGINA: Well, how
do people find you?
I mean, obviously there's
a criminal element,
and the normal
agencies are involved
when someone has gone missing
or someone has been killed.
And how do you come
into the picture?
>>THOMAS: A case I'm doing right
now-- there's many of them,
but there's a case right now.
A mother had custody, just
won custody of her child.
This is in-- I'm trying
to think of the state.
It's Washington-- Seattle.
I'm working with the
detective on that.
>>REGINA: So they know of you?
>>THOMAS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: I mean,
a lot of people
know of you by now, obviously.
>>THOMAS: It's like a 50-50 mix.
I'll get the police
contact me, or they'll
have the family member, like
yourself, contact me, say,
can you put him
in touch with us?
And they'll do that.
Or they'll know of me.
>>REGINA: So the
police are pretty open?
They're open to using
your types of abilities?
>>THOMAS: There are some, yes.
And some are skeptics still.
>>REGINA: I was going
to say, some must still
have some of the macho
thing, like, hey, there's
a way to do this.
Get out of my way.
>>THOMAS: Yeah, and
I don't blame them.
Because, you know,
there's a lot out there
that's going on that's wrong.
And I don't blame them.
Case out of Boston--
a friend of mine,
he works with the DOE Network.
And his brother's
daughter was murdered.
So he asked me,
and I said, sure.
He said, I'll put you in
touch with the detective.
So I said, OK, fine.
I ain't telling you nothing, and
Tommy's straight-nosed, right?
I ain't telling you nothing.
I'll just give you a
picture like you always do.
So fine.
So he gives me a
picture, puts me
in touch with
Detective Morissette.
I do my drawings.
I do all my information.
And I talked to the detective
before I fax it to him.
He goes, well, you know what?
And this is true.
This is how they
speak to anybody.
If anything touches this
case, I'll contact you back.
If not, don't worry about it.
So it's like a brush-off,
Dear John type thing.
So I understand.
And that's a great way to do
it, because they can't just
approach everybody and take
it for the sake of taking
information, saying, this is it.
So I sent it to him.
And I'm sitting down.
The phone rang about
five minutes later.
And he's going, how much
information did they tell you?
I need you to tell me the truth.
And said, they didn't
tell me anything.
They just gave me a picture.
And they go, we have
that guy in jail now.
So, yeah, it was amazing all
the stuff that tied to him.
And they were trying
to tie it to him.
And unfortunately, and I
promised Tommy and his brother
that we would have
this completely solved
before his brother-- his brother
ended up dying of cancer.
>>REGINA: Oh.
>>THOMAS: Yeah, I know.
>>REGINA: He didn't
have that satisfaction.
>>THOMAS: I never give up.
>>REGINA: But it doesn't matter.
On some level--
>>THOMAS: He knows now.
>>REGINA: He knows now, exactly.
And you're paying attention.
OK, so before we go on to
some of the other cases,
I want to go back to
Seattle in a minute, too.
But most people know about
this through pop culture
or shows like "Medium,"
Allison DuBois.
OK, so let's talk about the
reality of that versus what
we're shown on television, OK?
I know your face
just went funny.
>>THOMAS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So let's talk
about the "Medium."
>>THOMAS: OK.
I have another show
that's in production.
And it's called "The Bar's
Open with Robbie Thomas."
It's not just a bar to drink.
It's a bar where we discuss
the cases, how I feel,
what's real with somebody
like myself doing what I do.
Do I just go home, watch
TV, and eat hot dogs?
Or do psychics really go
and paint their nails?
So we want to give the real
gist of what really happens.
We use that word "unnerving."
It's unnerving because what
happens is I do a case,
I don't stop.
It affects my whole life.
Thank God for my
wife, because she's
like the core and the
backbone of who I am.
My children know that
I've taken on cases that
aren't dangers, and my wife.
And we'll touch upon
that other case.
There's many we
could talk about.
But yeah, I need that structure.
>>REGINA: Family is
what grounds you.
>>THOMAS: Yeah, it
grounds me big time.
>>REGINA: And it's all females.
>>THOMAS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: You've got a bunch
of-- a slew of daughters.
>>THOMAS: Yes.
You know, females
should run this world.
It's true.
It's true, really.
This guy ego stuff--
>>REGINA: And yet most of the
perps that you're dealing with
are men.
I mean, it makes sense that
all the women in your life
would balance you back out.
>>THOMAS: Oh, absolutely.
Because you deal with the trash,
and you come home to the good,
right?
But I still reflect to
every case, and it hurts.
I wake up in the
middle of the night,
and I'll talk to my wife.
I'll discuss a case.
She'll listen to me.
And she'll say-- she grounds me.
And just whatever she
tells me directs me.
It's always right.
Then I ease off a bit.
Then I'm OK for a day or two.
Then there's another
case, and I talk about it.
>>REGINA: So she's
you're sounding board,
and it sounds like she's
pretty intuitive and grounded.
>>THOMAS: Oh, absolutely she is.
Yeah, she knows what's going on.
She knows me.
It's true.
So it's good.
It's good.
But the good, the bad,
the ugly-- and she said,
you've got to talk about this.
And this is from her.
You have to talk about the
good, the bad, the ugly.
The good is yes,
we get reprieve,
we get solace sometimes,
and sometimes we
bring that little
help to the families,
even if it's not the
proper result in the end,
but they find out.
>>REGINA: The resolution.
>>THOMAS: The resolution, right?
The bad about it is if you're
not helping a family enough--
and I've run into this.
And I'm not saying I'm perfect.
I run into it where if I
don't help them enough or if I
don't-- families want me to
be the counselor, the lawyer,
the police officer,
everything in between.
>>REGINA: Because they think
you can see everything,
and they want you to-- yeah.
>>THOMAS: Yeah.
But I'm there to do a job.
And the job is to help you and
to make understanding of what's
going on so it leads
to this result.
But that's not good enough.
So then they get upset,
and things happen.
But that is perfectly OK,
because that is the family,
and you can't blame them.
I mean, they want their child
or their husband or their wife
back.
And the ugly part
about it is the fact
that you have all these
people who critique you
but they actually are not
on scene, death scene.
They're not sitting in office
with the detectives, with you.
They're not there where
you're giving the information.
But they know all.
They see all.
And you know, the skeptics,
and I'm not knocking atheists,
but there are radical
people out there
who want to just attack
you for no reason at all
because they think they know.
And that's fine, because
I'm a straight shooter.
I don't buy into what
they go or anybody--
as long as I know that the
family and I understand--
>>REGINA: You've done your best.
>>THOMAS: I've done my best.
And you see their
letters from them,
saying, thank you for bringing
my daughter home alive.
Thank you for helping us out.
We caught this guy who broke
into our home and stuff
like that.
That's the result we look for.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>THOMAS: We'll
don't look for this.
>>REGINA: But you
still get the skeptics.
>>THOMAS: Oh, you do.
And I've learned over the
years you just grow with it.
You do.
Because if I'm
occupying their time,
I'm doing something right.
>>REGINA: OK, so now we've
kind of beat around the bush.
Let's go back to Allison DuBois.
Let's go back to the "Medium."
>>THOMAS: The "Medium"-- here's
the ugly of it, too, I call it,
and I put it in that sense, is
that there's so many people out
there giving disinformation.
They're not discerning
it properly.
And the misinformation they get
makes the police and families
look down on people who
are really actually doing
the job, who can go out
there and actually say,
the man's name is Cecil.
Or I can get your daughter
out of the sex slave trade,
and we do within three days.
That's what's the
ugly part about it.
>>REGINA: So where has DuBois
and the "Medium" come in there?
Is it that maybe some of
that work wasn't exactly
the clearest reflection?
>>THOMAS: Looking
at the show, not
knocking Hollywood,
because we all
love Hollywood and
aspects of how we
have to drag out things on TV.
>>REGINA: Well, it gave
credibility in a sense to you
and people like you.
>>THOMAS: Sure, or
other people who do--
>>REGINA: And others
who do this, yeah.
>>THOMAS: Yeah, absolutely.
You have to look
at what is real.
I don't go and-- as we've
seen on TV, and you look
and you see this and that--
they have to foreshadow things.
They have to make it
look like it's a resume,
and this is how it's done.
It's not done like that.
I'm on scene, and I know
two men have died there.
And I know they
cut their arms off.
And they gutted them like deers.
And they buried them inside
and burned them alive
while they were still alive.
And I'm seeing this, and
I'm telling the families.
Well, it's not a
"Medium" moment.
Or it's not a "Ghost Whisperer"
or any other type of show.
I'm not knocking those
shows, because this is good.
People have to learn,
and it's a good aspect.
But they're being driven
in the wrong direction
of how it really is.
Then you sit in office, and
you pour over information
that you write out in point
form or whatever I can give
to the police or the families.
And then they look at that,
and it's more tangible.
Because now they have something
to lead, to work with.
And that's how
they do their job.
It's not glorified.
>>REGINA: No.
I mean, how long does
it take after something
as grizzly as, say, the
case you just mentioned.
How long does it take before
you can really kind of--
>>THOMAS: Download?
>>REGINA: --dissipate all
that energy and those images
from your being?
It has to be a
little, I don't know,
disturbing just to have that
stuff mucking around in there?
>>THOMAS: That's a good word.
It don't leave you.
>>REGINA: It doesn't?
>>THOMAS: No, no.
It don't dissipate.
It may get better over time
because you deal with it.
And then I know reality.
I mean, I sit down.
We watch TV, my
daughters, my wife.
And often my daughters
will ask questions,
was it like that
on that case, Dad?
So it just never leaves you.
You have the reality side
of it in questioning form.
You have your own
demons, if you will,
that hound you because
of what you've done.
And you look at the
police officers,
and they say, I can't
take it anymore,
or Post Traumatic
Stress Disorder.
And it's there.
People don't realize
it, but it's there.
They see these
things all the time.
And then I do that,
I still see it.
And so when I go through
it, I pray a lot.
I pray like a
million times a day.
Yeah, I have to.
That's my discernment.
>>REGINA: Yeah, you're
very spiritually oriented.
>>THOMAS: Absolutely.
You have to.
That's my way out.
If I didn't have
that, I would think
I would be a little bit of a
recluse, reckless in my life,
a different tangible of a Robbie
than what should be for people.
So I'm people-oriented.
I know my focus.
And it's to continue
to do what I do.
And that gives me the strength.
>>REGINA: Well, we
do a lot of shows
on people who deal with
multidimensional realms
and people who do angel
readings and all of this.
But we don't usually have
someone who is specifically
having, for the better good, to
muck around in the dark side.
>>THOMAS: If I have
another choice--
>>REGINA: But it sounds like you
were kind of called to do this.
And it doesn't sound like
you're vulnerable to throwing
in the towel and suicide
like some people are,
because you have
such a lovely support
group in your family
and all these women
and since you have such a strong
spiritual basis to your life.
You can handle it.
>>THOMAS: Right.
Although throwing in the towel,
many times I've said, I quit.
God, why?
I'm done.
But then I start thinking,
Jesus would not give up on me.
So why am I going to
give up on anybody else?
>>REGINA: And so many
people need your help.
>>THOMAS: Yeah.
And it's not them.
I need help and other people.
I would say we're a family.
We're a team.
It does take a village
to raise a child.
It's true.
The aspects of growing
and throwing that towel,
for less of a term, I
mean, I couldn't do it.
I couldn't do it,
because if I did,
I'm letting down every mom,
dad, or child, grandpa, grandma
who just want that.
Just give me five
minutes of your time.
Just give me something.
>>REGINA: Just help me
understand what happened.
>>THOMAS: Something, yeah.
>>REGINA: And so was
it on the Ivan case
that Officer Kevin
Smith made that comment?
Which case was he referring to?
There's a little--
>>THOMAS: Clip.
>>REGINA: That little
clip on your site.
Which case was he--?
>>THOMAS: It was the
copycat baseline killers.
>>REGINA: OK, copycat
baseline killers.
First of all, tell
us a little bit
about that case in
Phoenix, Arizona.
>>THOMAS: Yeah, it was funny--
>>REGINA: Allison DuBois
country, right? [LAUGHING]
>>THOMAS: Is that right?
Yeah?
>>REGINA: [LAUGHING]
I'm just putting you on.
>>THOMAS: Oh, I'm gonna
take a drink for that one.
>>REGINA: [LAUGHING]
>>THOMAS: OK, I had a radio
show many, many years ago,
2004 to 2008ish, around there.
And it was out of
Arizona by Baseline.
And Kevin Smith was in Baseline.
And he's a retired
international police chief.
He was a police
officer in Chicago,
went to Capitol police, and
then they placed him overseas,
and he became an
international police chief.
So being retired, he had
this radio show, or webisode.
And so I went on it.
And we started talking
about the Baseline Killers.
He says, we're having
a tough time down here.
And he went through a scenario.
And I started
saying, well, they've
already talked to the guys.
Because I could see them
talking to the guys.
And I said, it's a younger guy.
It's an older guy.
And they're going to go back--
>>REGINA: You did all this
live on the radio show?
>>THOMAS: Live.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>THOMAS: And there's some other
certain information I said.
Well, he pulled me back
on right away right
after they arrested them.
And he says, you were on
here, and you said this
and you said that,
and you said this.
>>REGINA: That's
some nice validation.
He's a heavyweight.
>>THOMAS: Yeah, he is,
international police chief,
great guy.
He was straight-nosed.
Unfortunately, rest in
peace, he passed away.
We got done shooting the
pilot to "Psychic Profiler."
>>REGINA: Yeah, let's talk
about that a little bit.
Because the question comes
up, why isn't this guy on TV?
There's every other
kind of reality show.
Robbie Thomas should
have his own show.
>>THOMAS: Hm.
>>REGINA: Right?
>>THOMAS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK, so
let's talk about that.
>>THOMAS: I was told one time
that real doesn't make it.
>>REGINA: What do you mean?
You mean because reality
shows, it's all fake anyway?
It's all scripted and fake.
>>THOMAS: It's enlarged.
>>REGINA: Enlarged and all that.
>>THOMAS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So you mean
what you do isn't--
>>THOMAS: It's not glamorous.
>>REGINA: It's not
glamorous enough.
>>THOMAS: No, it
doesn't have that bite.
Because like I explained
earlier, it's like I go on,
I do what I do, I give the
information, and that's it.
>>REGINA: And you go home and
have dinner with your family.
>>THOMAS: Done.
Done.
Right?
It's like getting a
photograph, sitting
reading the photograph,
Caesar Ivan Cano,
getting the murderer's name,
sending the information off,
and that's it.
It's like you can't do
a TV show like that.
So they want the broad
scheme of things, right?
So we tend to, OK, fine I'm
bending the rules a little bit,
but I gotta keep it real.
So we're doing it in
"America's Most Wanted" type
fashion, "Cops" type fashion,
Robbie Thomas fashion, which
means you're going to
be on scene with me.
You're going to
see what I'm doing.
You're going to see
me reading reports.
You're going to see the
police talking to me.
You're going to see
death scene photographs.
as much as I see,
and it's all going to
be fast-forward, bang
in your face, and that's it.
I think that's a good show.
>>REGINA: Well,
I would think so.
Is that not dramatic enough?
Not yet?
>>THOMAS: No, I guess.
>>REGINA: Wow. [LAUGHING]
No, instead we're
enthralled with whoever "The
Bachelor" is going to marry,
whoever "The
Bachelor" is anyway.
>>THOMAS: Or some swamp guys.
>>REGINA: Or some
swamp guys, oh, my God.
OK, so there are
some other-- I want
to talk a little bit about
these books in a bit,
but tell us about what happened
in the Victoria Stafford case.
>>THOMAS: Yeah, there's
a beautiful little girl,
beautiful girls
everywhere and boys.
I'm sitting at home.
My wife is adjacent
from me watching TV.
And I just get a vision.
And it's a blond-haired,
beautiful little girl
walking into the tree line
by a huge pile of rocks.
So that's all I seen.
And I said to my
wife, there's gonna
be another little girl go
missing very, very soon.
And she said, what?
And I started explaining to her.
She goes, oh, no,
hope it's not true.
Two days later, eight-year-old
Victoria goes missing.
It's about an hour and
a half from my home.
It's called Woodstock, Ontario.
Me and the family
get in contact.
I go down and meet them, go
meet the Detective Brown.
I'm in office, and
I'm talking to her.
>>REGINA: Now, did
you reach out to them
because you had
already the vision?
>>THOMAS: Yes.
Yes.
>>REGINA: So you knew
it was going to happen.
>>THOMAS: I normally don't
reach out to people at all.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
Yeah.
>>THOMAS: They always
contact me through my office.
So I normally don't go, hey--
because it would disprove--
I mean, there's people
out there who do that,
and I called them
back door salesman.
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
But this one, you had
already had the vision
of prior to the event.
Yeah.
>>THOMAS: So it all hit.
And I profiled a
woman and a man.
The police said, no, we're
just looking for a woman
because we have her on film.
And they showed the cameras
on the school, a grainy video,
and it showed a woman leading
Victoria away from the school.
And I said, no, you're
looking for a man, too/.
He's the mastermind behind this.
And I profiled him.
So it turns out-- I want to
come back into this case,
but it turns out it was a
man much older than her.
Profile was perfect,
same with the girl.
Go back into the
case with the family,
they plant me in
the mother's house.
Mother is unbeknownst who
I am, wanting to know.
And I'm thinking, OK, why aren't
you looking for your child?
People grieve differently, but
there's not a grieving process
here, because she's just
missing at the time, right?
Not once going out.
And if you're a parent,
you're pounding the floor.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah.
>>THOMAS: You're
going out there.
You're looking.
You're tearing everything up.
I gotta catch myself,
because there's still
more part of this case.
But I just want to continue.
I know you can understand
where I'm going on this.
There's part open still.
>>REGINA: The case
is still open?
>>THOMAS: Well, there's
part of it that's--
>>REGINA: A part
of it's still open?
OK.
>>THOMAS: So get the
man, girl pleads guilty,
man found guilty.
They're off to jail.
And the funny twist to this,
the man who put McCafferty
in the car, the detective had
him arrested and arrested him,
my aunt calls me up-- my
uncle died years ago--
and she says to me-- she's
not dated for years--
she goes, you just ain't
gonna believe who I'm dating.
And I said, who?
She goes, you know
that case you worked?
And I said, oh, my gosh,
are you kidding me?
>>REGINA: All in the family.
>>THOMAS: All in
the family, right?
Keep it in the family.
But going back to your
question about that,
when I drew the drawings, the
pile of rocks, the tree line,
I'd seen wagon wheels,
tons of wagon wheels.
And I'm trying to discern
all this information quick,
so I draw it all out.
And we went hunting
for her, right?
And we found this one home, and
it was full of wagon wheels.
And I thought,
that's where she is!
And I'm going, I don't know.
Just hang tough.
But they went in right away, the
police went right in the door,
and it wasn't where she was.
Here's the tree line.
Here's the pile of rocks.
There's a laneway.
Down that laneway is
a Mennonite village.
>>REGINA: Oh, wagon wheels.
>>THOMAS: Wagon wheels,
horse-drawn buggies--
what I drew.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>THOMAS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Oh, my God.
>>THOMAS: And her body
was found right there
by the pile of rocks.
>>REGINA: And see, it
wouldn't make sense
unless somebody put that piece
together, that's for sure.
>>THOMAS: Right, right.
>>REGINA: But what about this
piece about the mother who
wasn't in mourning?
>>THOMAS: Yeah, I just
find that kind of strange.
>>REGINA: Oh, to say the least.
>>THOMAS: Yeah.
And I'm sitting
there, and I'm trying
to get a read on her and
her boyfriend in the home.
And I'm looking at kids
coming out of the living room,
and they've got beer
bottles in their hands,
and they're like
13, 14 years of age.
OK, I know it's a tough time,
but strange things, right?
Strange.
I've been in a lot
of strange places
and seen a lot of
strange things.
>>REGINA: So that part
is maybe still open?
>>THOMAS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK,
gotcha on that one.
All right, we don't
need to go there.
>>THOMAS: No.
>>REGINA: OK, the Brewer family.
>>THOMAS: Yeah.
Oh, one more thing about
the Victoria Stafford case.
Like I told you, I do automatic
hand drawing, and it's there.
I put "Gulch."
>>REGINA: Gulch?
OK.
>>THOMAS: Gulch, right.
I'm thinking, gulch.
And I kept telling
the family, gulch.
But they found her
body near Guelph.
>>REGINA: Oh,
Guelph-- interesting.
>>THOMAS: Interesting, right?
And it's just a
perception, and it's fast,
and you gotta put it down.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
I've always been
fascinated with this.
And as I said in the open of
the show, about 30 years ago
when I was a news anchor,
when we had sweeps week,
the ratings, they kind of
let me do what I wanted.
It's like, hey, go find
something fun to do.
Go do a special with
some kind of ratings.
And I was always
drawn to things that
were metaphysically oriented.
And that is what I put up that
one week, as I was saying.
And I became friends
with the woman
who was the psychic at
the police department
in a few different cities.
At this time Sacramento was
using her for their cases
as well, and she was very good.
And I found along the way
that with myself, I've
always kind of dipped
into this and that.
And it's like if there's
space and quiet and time,
try my hand at whatever the
modality of awareness was.
And usually it would work.
And I found one thing, and that
was speaking to people right
after they die, within like
a three- to five-day window,
was pretty easy.
And speaking to people within
a week before they're born
is pretty easy.
So you can talk to the
entity, and they can tell you
kind of what they're
coming here for,
what their likes, dislikes,
which parent they're associated
more with, where their
karma is, or maybe
even they tell me things
like, I'm really just
here for my mom.
My dad's gonna leave before
I'm one, things like that.
First of all, it's
so interesting
to note that the
entity coming in
is fully aware what
the dynamics are.
>>THOMAS: Oh, sure.
>>REGINA: There's no
big shock or surprise.
>>THOMAS: No.
>>REGINA: I wouldn't tell the
mother that kind of thing,
certainly.
But also right after
they die, but there's
a point at which some
entities don't stick around.
>>THOMAS: No.
>>REGINA: They go.
And let's talk about that.
>>THOMAS: Sure, sure.
Coming around many times
in many lives and living,
reincarnation, when I was a
child, I used to say to my mom,
I'm reincarnated.
She said, well, really?
She wanted to know why and how.
So I would explain, I
lived with my father.
He was a single dad.
And I remember vividly
what he looked like.
I said, all I see
is myself hovering
above him in the kitchen,
him very distraught.
And so then I said,
then I'm out in a road,
and I remember him
waving to me goodbye.
I'm going to school.
And I'm waving.
And this was in the
'60s, Mom, early '60s.
Our window of reception in
incarnates is immediate.
It's almost like a short
window of a few years,
could be a minute in heaven.
You reincarnate quick.
So I'm waving.
I get hit by a car.
That's what I know.
So I pass.
I'm born again.
And again, here's this two- and
three-year-old, four-year-old
kid telling your mother.
>>REGINA: That's a
key age, by the way.
>>THOMAS: Yes, it is.
And it's a draw.
Because the closer you are to
your incarnate, that period
of time, that pinnacle
moment of your death,
it's a stronger draw.
So if you're 20 years
old, you pass at 20,
all of a sudden this is going
to come rushing into you just
prior to and just after.
So that's that window you're
talking about coming and going.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Well, and my son even did that.
I remember one time
when he was about three
and a half, that same
age group, and I'm
talking to him about
something one day,
and I said, honey, I said,
I'm just a little sad tonight,
and so continue
building your fort.
He was building a fort in the
living with all the pillows.
And his father and
I had just split up.
And I said, but
there was a time--
I was speaking of a past life.
I said, there was a time when
I don't think I treated you
as well as I could
have, and I don't ever
want that to happen
to you again.
And I was just
saying that to him.
He kept building
his little fort.
And he said, oh, that's OK, Mom.
I did it to you, too.
And I said, pardon?
>>THOMAS: Right, right.
>>REGINA: But he used to tell
me about a past life in England.
And he didn't know
any of this stuff.
He'd never heard of England.
He tells me in great
detail everything
going on in the family, who
I was, what he had done,
and so forth-- totally open.
>>THOMAS: Oh, yeah.
>>REGINA: At this little
age, if we don't squash them
and say, oh, quit
making things up,
there's a lot that
can be revealed
from these little beings.
>>THOMAS: Oh, absolutely.
>>REGINA: What about
your own daughters?
>>THOMAS: Yeah, I talk
to them all the time,
very open with them.
I used to have forums
in the mid '90s
to late '90s, which we can
talk about a case from this.
This lady called me up.
And she says, I followed
you since the mid '90s.
And it was Robbie Thomas Forums.
Because on the
forums, there was talk
about reincarnation,
spirituality, and really deep,
deep topics.
And she says, I thought
I'd never have to use you,
but my daughter's been taken
to the sex slave trade.
But going back now-- we'll
go into that in a second.
But going back to the relevance
of reincarnation and this part,
talking to my
daughters about it,
and I used to teach
parents to open a journal,
write everything specific from
the child, but don't elaborate
and don't take away.
Because then when they get
older, they can reflect to that
and say, that's me.
>>REGINA: That's great.
>>THOMAS: And that's the way
you're supposed to do it.
>>REGINA: That is great.
OK, let's talk about the woman
and her daughter and the sex
slave trade.
>>THOMAS: Yeah, there's
that thing, right?
>>REGINA: We just
have a few minutes
on that before I want
to get your books,
because we're
really cooking here.
>>THOMAS: OK, all right.
So she says, I never
thought I'd have to use you.
And she says, my
daughter's been taken.
The detective is lost,
doesn't know what to do.
And he asked me to call.
So then again, here's that
police-family orientation type
thing.
So I said, OK, fine.
So I give her a quick read.
And I said, OK, you've
got to do what I say you
have to do, like regardless.
So I tell her.
I said, on your Facebook
page, they're watching you.
You have to put
words I tell you.
And she says, my
family's conservative.
I am not going to do this.
We went through a
battery of phone calls,
because she's so defiant, the
moment of doing that, and then
being defiant, would hang up.
All right, and finally, I
think was Friday morning.
She says, I'm going to do it.
I don't care what
my family thinks.
I don't care.
I want-- I said, that's
what you're supposed to do.
>>REGINA: What did you
have her put on there?
>>THOMAS: I said,
her daughter's name,
I know you're
watching this page.
Please let her go, and there
will be no prosecution,
and yadda, yadda, yadda, yadda.
Because now she's opening
up to her whole family
watching this on
her Facebook page
and her friends and everybody.
>>REGINA: Right, right.
>>THOMAS: She did.
She did it.
And she called.
She was crying.
And I'm talking to her.
She did it.
This is Friday.
Sunday rolls around, and
her daughter was home.
They were watching her.
She writes this letter.
She called me.
We talked for like
an hour on the phone,
and she's crying and
happy and everything.
>>REGINA: How did that happen?
How did that one
message on Facebook
result in her daughter--
>>THOMAS: Because we know
that we're watching them.
>>REGINA: I see.
>>THOMAS: Right?
Yeah, we know who you are.
>>REGINA: We know who you are.
>>THOMAS: Right.
So they let her go.
She writes a letter.
And it's on my page.
And she says-- I can't
remember all the words,
but it says, thank you.
He brought my daughter home,
and in capital letters, ALIVE.
>>REGINA: OK, so
we didn't go back
to the story out of Seattle.
>>THOMAS: Right, right.
>>REGINA: OK, let's do that.
>>THOMAS: OK.
I'm currently working a case
out of Seattle, Washington.
Sometimes it gets
very tough when
you have parents who don't
put the perspective of a child
at best interest.
I used to be-- now this is
something different for you,
too.
I used to be vice president
of an organization who
worked with 26
senators trying to pass
the bill the Rights
of the Child,
and putting mom and
dad at a lesser value,
but making them treat
the child respectfully.
It was called the
Rights of the Child.
It was amazing, because we had
women on board, Senator Anne
Cools, many different senators.
And so going back to the case,
when you get mom and dad,
and they fight over the
custody of a child, it's hard.
So this beautiful woman
won custody of her child.
And the father took
the child and has now
taken off underground.
So I'm working with the case
in Seattle with the detective.
Hopefully we can render
something positive very soon
for mom, for the child.
>>REGINA: The child
is still alive?
>>THOMAS: Yes.
>>REGINA: You can
see they're alive?
>>THOMAS: They've been notified.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>THOMAS: And I can feel.
The child is fine, which is
a plus in what's going on.
I really think that parents
should come together more often
and put their egos and
everything else behind,
put children first.
>>REGINA: That's what
you're doing it for.
>>THOMAS: Yeah, yeah.
>>REGINA: And so
before we sign off,
you have a couple books here--
"Paranormal Encounters."
>>THOMAS: And
"Signs from Heaven."
>>REGINA: "Signs from Heaven."
Tell us a little bit about both
of them and why you wrote them.
And there's some really
interesting images in here,
by the way.
You catch amazing
things on digital film.
In fact, last night at the
Boulderado Hotel-- everyone
knows it's haunted--
you got a full-on shadow
person, a man, full-on man
walking down the stairs
who wasn't there.
>>THOMAS: It wasn't there.
He's standing down in
the lobby looking up.
>>REGINA: This is not abstract.
It just looks like
a man from behind.
>>THOMAS: Yeah.
And everything's lit up.
>>REGINA: I know.
It's amazing.
>>THOMAS: And this crazy
black, you can look.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: So just tell us really
briefly about these two books.
>>THOMAS: OK.
Signs from heaven
is an assurance
of us and the other side, giving
you hope, love, and faith.
Actually, the cover
here is for my wife.
She made me do the stones,
and we went to the beach.
And see the water, how it--
>>REGINA: Yeah, yeah.
>>THOMAS: That's the love
of God coming on you.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>THOMAS: Yeah.
So it was perfect
and perfect meaning.
It's endorsed by the Canadian
government, which is-- yeah.
>>REGINA: Why?
I mean, that's
interesting, but--
>>THOMAS: Psychic, you know?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Wow.
We thought the Canucks
were conservative.
Guess not.
>>THOMAS: Guess not.
>>REGINA: Our government
wouldn't do that for you.
>>THOMAS: We play hockey.
We have back bacon, and--
>>REGINA: [LAUGHING] And
they endorse your book.
That happened.
OK.
That's cool.
What about "Paranormal
Encounters?"
>>THOMAS: "Paranormal
Encounters," again there's
two movies I'm in
that are in there,
behind the scenes,
what happened,
what was brought home,
different-- people
call them entities, but they're
people on the other side.
They want information
and what have you.
Again, there's many places
throughout North America
I've traveled.
There's stories in there
that are fantastic.
There's photographs in
there that are fantastic,
Civil War soldier
who was following--
and you can see his belt
line, his hat, and his head.
He's facing me.
And he's in Perryfield
Battlefield.
What was it?
4,000 men buried
two-feet deep there.
And the battlefield
is very short.
Yeah, crazy.
>>REGINA: Yeah, crazy.
Well, beautiful
work, and I just want
to thank you for taking
the time to fly in
from Canada to do the show.
>>THOMAS: Thank
you for having me.
This was great.
>>REGINA: I mean, I
just felt really touched
by what Jerry said about you.
And the first time we
spoke on the phone,
I thought, what a
sweet man to have
to deal with such harsh stuff.
And so anyway, I'll
be curious to see
what happens by
way of your media
and so forth beyond all
of the work you're doing.
Because I'd like for a lot
of people to know about you.
>>THOMAS: Oh, thank you.
>>REGINA: And, in
fact, it's sad,
but there are some
people listening who
may need to call you one day.
>>THOMAS: Yeah, and
that's unfortunate.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
OK, thanks so much, Robbie.
>>THOMAS: Well, thank you.
>>REGINA: If you
know of anyone who
is in the terrible
circumstance of not knowing
what happened to
a loved one, you
can always contact Robbie
at RobbieThomas.net.
Until next time, thanks for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.
[THEME MUSIC]